AI Techwriter documentation update - 2024-11-28 (#1383)
aziontech/docs: src/content/docs/en/pages/main-menu/reference/secure/edge-firewall/web-application-firewall/custom-allowed-rule.mdx

| 1402    | Possible trick to evade protection: encoded chars `%20-%3F` found in Body, Path, Query String or Cookies.                                  |
| 1500    | Possible File Upload attempt: `asp/php` or `.ph`, `.asp`, `.ht` found in filename in a multipart POST containing a file.                   |

> ## Testing Rules in Staging Environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Testing Rules in the staging environment
```

> To ensure that your custom allowed rules are working as intended, it is recommended to test them in a staging environment before deploying them to production. A staging environment allows you to simulate real-world traffic and catch potential issues without affecting your live application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To ensure that your custom-allowed rules are working as intended, it's recommended that you test them in a staging environment before deploying them to production. A staging environment allows you to simulate real-world traffic and catch potential issues without affecting your live application.
```

> 1. **Set Up a Staging Environment:** Create a separate instance of your application that mirrors your production environment as closely as possible.
> 2. **Deploy Rules:** Implement your custom allowed rules in this staging environment.
> 3. **Simulate Traffic:** Generate traffic patterns that resemble expected user behavior as well as potential threat scenarios.
> 4. **Monitor Logs and Alerts:** Keep an eye on the logs to verify that legitimate requests are allowed and false positives are minimized.
> 5. **Adjust and Optimize:** Based on the results, fine-tune your rules to improve accuracy and effectiveness.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. **Set up a staging environment**: create a separate instance of your application that mirrors your production environment as closely as possible.
2. **Deploy rules**: implement your Custom Allowed Rules in this staging environment.
3. **Simulate traffic**: generate traffic patterns that resemble expected user behavior and potential threat scenarios.
4. **Monitor logs and alerts**: check the logs to verify that legitimate requests are allowed and false positives are minimized.
5. **Adjust and optimize**: based on the results, fine-tune your rules to improve accuracy and effectiveness.
```

> By following these steps, you can ensure that your WAF custom allowed rules provide the desired security enhancements without unintended consequences.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By following these steps, you can ensure that your WAF Custom Allowed Rules provide the desired security enhancements without unintended consequences.
```

> <iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/uhpoeBXLvxk?si=eb8Jx_LRaUq1FBlh" loading="lazy" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<iframe width="560" height="315" src="https://www.youtube.com/embed/uhpoeBXLvxk?si=eb8Jx_LRaUq1FBlh" loading="lazy" title="Custom allowed rules Web Application Firewall" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; autoplay; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture; web-share" allowfullscreen></iframe>
```
